now the international Committee of the
Red Cross says hospitals in southern
Gaza are at Breaking Point the influx of
Palestinians wounded by Israel's
bombardment has led to overcrowded
waiting rooms and patients being treated
on the floor meanwhile the UN Agency for
Palestinian refugees Ona says only 38%
of health centers in Gaza are
operational T abum has this report from
Dar balah in central
Gaza I'm here today inside the
Department of al- AA Hospital which is
one of the barely functional Hospital in
the strip as you can clearly see the
capacity of the hospital is overwhelmed
wounded and patients are getting medical
treatment on the floor due to the
overwhelming capacity of the vast
majority of the Department of the
hospital also we can see that there is a
very severe shortage of beds that are
necessarily required for Palestinians in
order to get medical treatment and what
I clearly can observe is that uh medical
sources are struggling in order to keep
providing this number of people with
Essential Medical Care we've been
hearing from the international Committee
of the red across that at least the vast
majority of hospitals in southern Gaza
are suffering and also have been
incredibly pushed to be forced to take a
very critical decisions on who can
really get treatment first as the vast
majority of these hospitals are now at a
very dangerous bricking point now we can
see that the incredible increase of air
strikes on the Central Area imposes more
medical pressure on those doctors and
even Medical Teams on theground to keep
operational as they have been struggling
with the FK fuel crisis alongside with
the severe shortage of Essential Medical
Supplies T abaz
alaz
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer